Release Notes + Highlights for 2.11.1 (#7510)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/highlights-2.11.0.asciidoc

[[release-highlights-2.11.0]]
== 2.11.0 release highlights

[float]
[id="{p}-2110-known-issues"]
=== Known issues

> - The `resourceStatuses` field of the status subresource of the Stack Configuration Policy was removed which could cause errors in the operator logs during an upgrade.

Author: I'm unsure about this wording, and how we would prefer to word this. Comments appreciated.

> - The `resourceStatuses` field of the status subresource of the Stack Configuration Policy was removed which could cause errors in the operator logs during an upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `resourceStatuses` field of the status subresource of the Stack Configuration Policy was removed which could cause errors when running older versions of the operator with the new CRDs during upgrades.
```
